#summary How to get and compile cl-osd

= Prerequisites =

  # Download and install [http://www.atmel.com/microsite/avr_studio_5/default.aspx AVR Studio 5]
  # Download and install [http://sourceforge.net/projects/winavr/files/latest/download?source=files WinAVR]
  # (or: Download and install [http://extremeelectronics.co.in/avr-tutorials/gui-software-for-usbasp-based-usb-avr-programmers/ eXtreme Burner- AVR])
  # Download and install [http://tortoisesvn.net/ TortoiseSVN]

= Getting the code =

  # Go to a folder where you want the code.
  # Press right button in folder
  # Select "SVN Checkout"
  # Enter url of cl-osd: "http://cl-osd.googlecode.com/svn/trunk/"
  # Press OK.

= Compile =

(If you just want to do some initial testing you don't need to do this step. Just use the pre-built hex and eep file. Note that this might not always work since you might need to do some configuration in the code.)

  # Open "cl-osd.avrgccproj" inside the "cl-osd" folder you created in the last step.
  # If you are using Avr Studio 5.1.208 or higher you need to do the following steps:
    * Go to Project->cl-osd Properties...
    * Toolchain->Avr/GNU C Linker->Memory Settings
    * In "Initial Stack Address (hex)" clear that box.
  # I the top you see a list with Debug, E-OSD etc. Select the board you whant to build for.
  # Press Build -> Clean cl-osd. (Only needed first time!)
  # Press Build -> Build cl-osd. (First time you might be asked to save a solutions file. Place this in the same folder as the other files)
  # In your folder cl-osd/X-OSD (where X is your target board) there should be a cl-osd.hex and a cl-osd.eep. That's the flash file and the eeprom file.

Continue to [Programming].